# final-project
coding one final project
Project Description
视频：https://youtu.be/KTuuhIAHjfM

MIMIC：https://mimicproject.com/code/fcdbfb2a-6f2a-5063-af06-76a3ca98349f

I wanted to make a small game in JavaScript, but actually at first I wanted to make it feel like a JUMP game. However when I happened to play a game that my classmate recommended one day, called ‘To the moon’. It was a pixelated game about two people saving each other's lives. So I changed my mind, the game ended up being a very touching, heartwarming and sad video of them going to the moon, so I wanted to make people's wish to send the main characters to the moon come true themselves, and made some changes to the original code I had already written. I took some images from the game and created the player, the background and the platform (the moon). What I wanted to achieve was that as the rocket rose, the moon moved closer and closer with it, but the overall picture was going downwards. I thought a lot about the platform and in the end the way the moon went up was a bit different to what I thought it would be, it was more like standing on a flat surface and I would have liked to be able to stagnate on the moon more. I actually thought about making a transparent platform and having the moon fixed above it, but then I wanted to achieve that 'chasing' feeling and gave up on that idea. At the same time, I tried to create a sense of the rocket disappearing when it was running to show the speed of the rocket, so I added an animation to it, but this was a problem for me for a long time because after adding the animation, the rocket would occasionally disappear when it fell. I hadn't used the combination of ‘class this’ before, but after reading the JavaScript basics course I thought I'd give it a go, as I felt it would help to clarify my thinking. I had a template for my homework, so it was easier to change it, but when I started to write it myself I suddenly felt some difficulty in conceptualising it, and felt the importance of comments. I suddenly had a lot of problems with importing music, and spent almost four hours without solving it, running it alone but it worked, and asked my classmates about it after it failed at first, and tried to use the 3D music code, but it was completely impossible to apply it on the basis of not understanding it, and I felt that I had done a lot of useless work, and I felt crushed at one point in the middle, and I was sad that I could not add music until the end, and finally it was in the video that I added the music was added to the video to make up for it. In the end, I almost barely managed to achieve a rough idea of what I had initially thought, and I feel very bad about my lack of ability. I hope to improve this work if I get the chance, and as a tribute to the game.
